YouTube has made some changes recently
and many youtubers have found themselves
identified wrongly and ostracized from
the general community this is of course
intentional to eliminate opposing views
here at the money GPS however the battle
has only just begun you came here for
the truth so let me um get that for you
today we are going to look further into
the YouTube censorship issue let's begin
many people are aware of what has
happened on YouTube recently where
individuals at all different levels have
found their channels to be put into the
same realm as hate speech and inciting
violence and things that have nothing to
do with the work that we are outputting
so this individual here philip defranco
has been outspoken about the censorship
on his channel and as well as PewDiePie
who had the biggest YouTube channel
they've spoken up about this saying that
they haven't done anything wrong and the
same that I said you know proposed to
everyone else that there is nothing
controversial about the issues that I
talked about yet we're still getting
lumped into that I don't speak for
anybody else but I know on my own so I
did a video recently about what had
happened and I received a notification
which is not there anymore but at the
top and it said some of your videos
recently demonetised or putting the
limited state and you'll see that here
by the yellow dollar sign and as a
result this would you you basically
don't get any revenue pretty much from
these videos that's essentially the same
as being demonetised and what they say
is that you're not advertiser friendly
in fact the term that they use is not
suitable for all advertisers okay and
essentially that just wipes you off from
the advertising now that's fine if you
were actually talking about issues that
were the type that are suggested within
the YouTube terms and it isn't the case
because of course you've seen my videos
you know they're not any of this type of
information so that's that so what I
decided to do to fight back against that
not just lay down and take it but what I
did was right here what it tells you
review requested so yesterday
I click the button that allows you to
review and the basically says when you
click this button you have to agree to
the fact that this is part of their
terms and conditions there's no saying
nothing in there that would be a problem
and this and that they get an actual
human being to review your work so
within let's say 12 hours or so they had
already come back now I didn't receive a
notification I didn't receive any sort
of check mark or anything else all of a
sudden I found that this video
previously which is in my previous video
that's why I do these videos to document
what's happening this video here was one
of those that I hit review requested and
it did come back around and now the you
know the symbol here is green again and
that's a good thing because at least it
means that when you appeal you are
getting good results at least in these
cases here so I did two videos both of
them seem to be okay now I did two more
so I'll see how that turns out and let
you know but essentially I wanted people
to know that if this happens to you and
you believe that your video should not
be part of this like for example if I
did a video about war then I could
understand what they're saying they
don't want their advertisers on there
they probably won't agree with it but if
it's a video of all you know my opinion
about pension funds as far as I'm
concerned that's advertiser friendly you
can put anything on there you can put
all types of advertisements it's fine
it's my opinion on it so I don't think
that should be the case and luckily they
came around so that's a good thing for
those who experiencing the same thing I
think that you should try this review
request don't get perhaps too greedy and
put all of them up at the front I think
that that would be a good thing to just
click one or two see how it goes and
wait maybe 24 hours and see where it all
happens from there let's just carry it
on to the next point I want to make some
of you have suggested that I should get
on to a website called vid god me or vid
me and I had ignored it for a little
while here and
because of this issue I decided to get
on there Vimy is basically like YouTube
except it really rewards the content
creators and it's designed around the
fact that we want people to create
content good content for their fans for
the subscribers and to make that a thing
so you can just it's just good for
everybody
and they're not like YouTube it's all
about being human not being a machine
it's the exact opposite of YouTube
though it works just like YouTube and
what's really cool about it is all I've
done here is I've taken my money GPS
YouTube videos I literally copy and
paste the link they take it from YouTube
take the description the title the
screenshots everything and they put that
onto their website so you can watch all
of my YouTube videos on vid me and you
don't have to give a single dime to
YouTube their advertising or their whole
system they set up and build so if you
don't like YouTube and what they're
doing but you want to watch the money
GPS then check me out a vid me what I'm
going to do is every single time I post
a video I'm also going to post it here
every single time so I'll continue to do
that and if I don't then I'll let
everyone know but at this time every
time you see a YouTube video it's also
going to be on me so the link is in the
description of this video if you just
want to click on that to get to me there
if you're interested so you can actually
do like a tipping format or you can
actually tip the people who are creating
these videos so it really tries to get
that incentive built around the creators
so it's pretty cool and it has a
features that are similar to YouTube so
you're familiar sort of look and feel
whereas doesn't have all that
bureaucracy behind it so that's
something that you may be interested in
I also did this because many people have
been asking for t-shirts that has this
kind of topic and this happens to be
taxation is theft
now the actual real t-shirt the font
this little smaller it looks a little
larger here that's the way that the
individual I paid an individual six US
dollars to make
this design so that's just some
transparency for you this right here is
going to be a t-shirt that's available
soon at Amazon the links are for the
t-shirts are also in the description and
essentially what I've done here is
trying to get people that are
like-minded that want to have this type
of material they can get that they can
get books that I have they can get
t-shirts that have free a free eCourse
available which I highly recommend
everyone check out and that's at my
website so I'm just trying to give more
and more things not just just youtube I
want to do more things whether that is
something like a t-shirt or something
like in the eCourse where people can
just come into the money GPS and the
information that I'm trying to put out
there I appreciate every single one that
had commented about the censorship and
all of your praise and all of your
appreciation and I assure you I'm very
very pleased and very appreciative of
all of you so thank you very much and to
the individuals that I saw today in
person in Toronto you know who you are
just wanted to say hello thank you for
stopping me and saying hi and I was good
to meet you if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
check out my website we have tons of
free information I've got the free
eCourse on here I've got free ebooks
tons to check out that's at the money
GPS calm stay tuned for more
hard-hitting info